plugins/sublime/README.md, before:

## sublime

Plugin for Sublime Text, a cross platform text and code editor, available for Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.

### Requirements

 * [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/)

### Usage

 * If `st` command is called without an argument, launch Sublime Text

 * If `st` is passed a directory, `cd` to it and open it in Sublime Text

 * If `st` is passed a file, open it in Sublime Text

 * If `stt` command is called, it is equivalent to `st .`, opening the current folder in Sublime Text

 * If `sst` command is called, it is like `sudo st`, opening the file or folder in Sublime Text. Useful for editing system protected files.

 * If `stp` command is called, it find a `.sublime-project` file by traversing up the directory structure. If there is no `.sublime-project` file, but if the current folder is a Git repo, opens up the root directory of the repo. If the current folder is not a Git repo, then opens up the current directory.

 * If `stn` command is called without an argument, create a stub `.sublime-project` file in the current working directory if one does not already exist

 * If `stn` is passed a directory, create a stub `.sublime-project` file in it

Commit message:

sublime: refactor plugin and fix documentation (#7715)
* convert to 2-space indentation
* standardize sublime function name (subl)
* simplify subl function definition into a single loop
* convert functions into aliases
* simplify alias creation
* search for Sublime Text command only if not found
* reorganize and clean up plugin
* fix README
* simplify cygwin path lookup
* support path lookup for msys (Windows)
* support path lookup for WSL (Windows)
* fix for spaces in sublime path alias

plugins/sublime/README.md, after:

# sublime

Plugin for [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/), a cross platform text and code editor,
available for Linux, macOS, and Windows.

To use the plugin, add `sublime` to the plugins array of your zshrc file:

```zsh
plugins=(... sublime)
```

Sublime Text has to be installed to use the plugin.

## Usage

The plugin defines several aliases, such as:

- `st`: opens Sublime Text. If passed a file or directory, Sublime Text will open it.

- `stt`: open Sublime Text on the current directory.

- `sst`: if `sudo` is available, `sst` will open Sublime Text with root permissions, so that
  you can modify any file or directory that you pass it. Useful to edit system files.

There are also a few functions available:

- `find_project` (or `stp` alias): if called, the function will search for a `.sublime-project` file
  on the current directory or its parents, until it finds none.

  If there is no `.sublime-project` file but the current folder is in a Git repository, it will open
  Sublime Text on the root directory of the repository.

  If there is no Git repository, it will then open Sublime Text on the current directory.

- `create_project` (or `stn` alias): if called without an argument, create a stub `.sublime-project`
  file in the current working directory, if one does not already exist. If passed a directory, create
  a stub `.sublime-project` file in it.
